---
author: Gustavo DeLaFuerza
date created: 2022-05-20T09:22:38-04:00Z
date modified: 2022-05-20T09:22:38-04:00Z
aliases: daily, daily note, today, yesterday, 2022-05-20
---

# 2022-05-20 Fri

Other things being mostly handled, today my goal is to only learn more about note-taking itself. All of that will go into my personal vault. The particularly useful stuff will go here. 

Beginning with the basics at [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Note-taking), I then have 8 more pages to review and summarize into notes for myself so I may share them effectively.

Something surprising about note-taking is that it's a journey. When I was young, I didn't know that, and I didn't know that as a college student, either. If you work with people who do knowledge work, chances are that you've at least seen one journey of notetaking, whether you knew it or not at the time. 

For your own notetaking journey, if you have what works for you, that's wonderful! If you want to make it better by standardizing it a bit (into Markdown files, for instance), and making it computer and mobile-searchable, this is where I intend for you to learn methods, strategies, rules of thumb that might help. How you take notes should be like a fingerprint, so if what is written here seems out of place or inapplicable, it probably is.

My philosophy of notetaking is this:

- I want to be able to remember what I've learned and find what I know quickly. 
	- The quickest and easiest solution on-hand is what should be used at first, if my "formal" Obsidian notes aren't available for any reason. My favorite secondary notetaking method is Google Keep or OneNote. Evernote and other things also work well.

My guiding light for the presentation I'll give in July is:

- Beginnings should be as simple as possible (less steps, less conventions; more notetaking, review, and reorganization)
- At least one thing you learn should be useful.
- Every participant should walk away knowing more about effective notetaking.

The reasons I take notes are:

- Knowledge preservation
	- I want knowledge ready for travel, with handles, a clasp, and room for clothes.
- Operative generalization
	- I want files to be human-readable, and therefore viewable and able to be edited in any text editor.
- Search / Index
	- For management, I want to be able to search quickly, using the bits of what I know or remember to find written notes and documentation. I also need to be able to use regular expressions (often: "regex") to search.
	- Where search wouldn't be helpful, I want it to be pretty easy to index what I know into tables, or "home" documents, folders, tags, and so forth. If there's a means for organization, I want it available or at least available to be created at-will by a motivated person (e.g. "this could be a plugin").
- Search / Replace 
	- In addition to a great search capability, I should be able to replace according to plain matches, and also regex-style group matches (see also: VS Code, Sublime, Notepad++, or other advanced text editors, then check out the one you use or want to use for its regular expression documentation).

## Aside 

Sometimes, I don't like taking notes about notetaking because the feeling of being "way too meta" is overpowering. 

"This is all just a bunch of mindless vanity," is what my inner sabateur says, but I'll count my blessings that the feeling that inner sabotage gives me isn't overpowering.

There's a mean brand of anti-intellectualism that runs like moldy grout through too many hearts and minds. That's something I fear because the acquisition and utility of knowledge should be at everyone's fingertips inasmuch as they're able to express themselves and record knowledge (with or without fingertips). 

Thoughts about [[Accessibility - Home|Accessibility]] in this project need to at least reference great resources for those who take notes as I do not.

