---
author: Gustavo DeLaFuerza
date created: 2022-07-22T09:19:42-0400
date modified: 2022-07-22T09:19:42-0400
aliases: daily, daily note, today, yesterday, 2022-07-22
---

# 2022-07-22 Fri - Presentation Post-mortem

The West Virginia State Technology Conference (2022) hosted by WVNET (the company I work for), seemed to go really well. 

For the presentation, I had three participants, and I was and am so grateful that they were there. They gave me ideas, helped me clarify some areas where what I was presenting could be more useful to educators, generally, and they helped me understand what they would find most useful in this note-taking app. 

I was somewhat disappointed to realize that this app is likely more complex than most non-technical end-users want. 

The advantages of the app (linking documents, embeding, tagging, folder organization, and so forth) weren't exposed effectively in my presentation, or if they were, I suspect Markdown being "another thing to learn" for adults who already have enough they need to remember was and is a barrier to adoption. 

My perspective is that this app can be very useful for students. I feel strongly that the Sandbox project[^1] is the way to go for introducting people to Obsidian *in situ*. 

Although it's not the point of Obsidian, making the app even more WYSIWYG for non-technical end-users&mdash;folks who don't want or feel a need to know or use Markdown&mdash;seems like a great way forward to increase adoption, generally. I found a Toolbar plugin that I think is no-longer current that had the kind of features I would want for non-techies. 

Last, I suspect that people who write for a living could care less about learning a bit of Markdown to make writing easier within an app like this. I suspect they pick it up easily, as I did. It's good that the standard keyboard shortcuts for italics, bold, and underline work as one might expect.


[^1]: in desktop app, go to Obsidian Help, then click the sandbox button

