---
author: Gustavo DeLaFuerza
date created: 2022-05-17T09:14:55-04:00Z
date modified: 2022-05-17T09:14:55-04:00Z
aliases: daily, daily note, today, yesterday, 2022-05-17
---

# 2022-05-17 Tue

Starting with notes, I go through Reminders in my personal vault. Reminders for me typically take longer than 5 minutes, and I prefer they be 15-minute or more tasks.

After Reminders, I typically do any task editing I might wish to do, then hit CTRL+SHIFT+O (a keyboard shortcut I set with Hotkeys) to open the Daily Note. 

With the Daily Note open, I write what I want to do. My preference is to be brief.

I queued 4 work items as bullet points in my daily note.

Different thing. I'm experimenting with Outlook Calendar's Board feature. I wish I could put a list of emails in it. I keep those lists short (or my brain gives me guff&mdash;somewhat of an OCD-like compulsion to clear my Inbox&mdash;the Snooze feature helps).



## Accurate list of stuff I open starting my morning (as a knowledge worker)

These are sometimes in order, sometimes not. The topmost items are more important, usually:

- Email - Outlook PWA[^1]
	- Tickets links from email to Edge with my work email account as the profile
- This project vault
	- Until around mid-June, when I want this project to be at a milestone where I'm only refining (maybe).
- My personal Obsidian vault
- Ticketing System PWA 
	- A PWA for the ticketing system internal to the company. #2ba-footnote (add reference to the IP I'm talking about)
	- Links within this PWA go to Edge (Beta), which runs this PWA and is handled by a Microsoft account I made only so I could use features unavailable to the work account (and without compromising a personal account in use).
- VPN app
- Windows Terminal
	- Neovim
	- ssh -> bash
		- various servers
	- pwsh
	- WSL bash
	- sqlplus
		- rare I need to use this from the local machine, but it's handy (or can be - it'd be better 20 years ago when more people knew all the details of configuring output with the "PL" of PL/SQL.) #2ba-footnote 
- Visual Studio Code 
	- (as needed, not every day, but typically once or more a day I work in VS Code)
[^1]: "PWA" is "Progressive Web App". It's a web app one may create by clicking the menu for Edge (or Chrome, where it's "Create a link"), and create an app. Instructions may not be forthcoming here, but a Google or Bing search will give you the steps.