# 2022 05 12 Thursday

Less writing, more doing is the goal today.

Toggled off "Show for unassigned commands" with Key Promoter #app/Obsidian/plugin. Making new documents, that can be distracting and perhaps noisy.

Created the `_templates` folder to contain templates I will use with the Templater plugin. More notes are in [[#Templates]], below.

To plug in the Daily Notes plugin, I have the location set to `daily` (this page's folder at the moment), and the template set to "`_templates/daily`". 

The documents Daily Notes creates will be named with this pattern: "YYYY-MM-DD dddd". For today, that's "2022-05-12 Thursday".

Trying this template now in [[test daily note template]]. And it failed once, but was corrected in a moment. The next daily note will use the [[daily]] template.

I estimate my next git checkin to represent less than 30-minutes of effort. Writing represents probably 95% of the effort 😁. Maybe that's a good reason for making sure this is documented.

## Templates

I use templates similar to how different web development tools allow one to add and configure custom portions of a web page. Also, I'm from a software development background, so I tend to explore a lot. I count at least 30 templates in my work vault (not shown), most are parts I use to compose a full template using `tp.file.include([string])`.

Here's how these are structured now:

- Document names with lower case letters and spaces in their name are templates I use often.
- Documents that begin with an 'x' in the `_templates` folder are "executables". This is my personal convention. 
- Documents that begin in 'z' are portions of a page.

I will likely break this section out into a document. I'd like to go over why I have some of what I have in the templates (e.g. `$foo = "---"` is in [[z header]] and [[z daily_header]]) to keep the metadata the templates produce from being identified as metadata that #app/Obsidian will use for Search and other features. It's a bit of non-collision code, but indirect, and it's purpose is likely obtuse without explanation.