# 20220506 Friday

It's been a week since I made this project and uploaded it 20220428. 

Here are some of the things to do with this project, a goal for "until I start rehearsing".

## TODO

- goal: Open this Obsidian vault every day [^1]
- The key to note-taking is to capture knowledge with enough meaning and personal value to serve a desired purpose on review. You want to take notes that matter to you, and that will matter to you tomorrow and even months, years, or decades from now. ^e3f613
	- Why you want to note-take is the literal driving force for anything you want to do with Obsidian. 
- Session: I'll need to try using traditional shortcuts more often, perhaps try one of the plugins that makes the Editor practically 100% #tech/WYSIWYG (what you see is what you get)
- My guiding idea is don't be too strict with this kind of thing. [^3]
- Yay `vim` commands! I need ==Daily Note==, select plugins (list + steps for install, purpose, etc.), ==HotKeys++==, etc. 
	- Linter
- ==git==: Maybe that should be topmost...
- Theme and overlay stuff should be irrelevant. [^2]

[^1]: OK, so fun fact. For footnotes to be multi-line, the text has to be two "tab" lengths out. For me, this is two spaces per tab (0x20 in ASCII, I think (times two)).
    - For this example, more content is probably more, so I'll do my best to err on opening this #app/Obsidian/vault every day, going forward.
    - Days to presentation are counting down. The next 168 hours will be different. 

[^2]: About ye overlay stuff:
    - "overlay stuff", if not yet shared, is a set of #lang/CSS "snippets" I use to make things look as I wish on many themes (not all; I shy from the `!important` override; the best practice is to lean on class/element/other specificity; with that in mind, Blue Topaz theme is beautiful and it supports the Style Settings #app/Obsidian/plugin, which is lovely&mdash;really something special for someone who enjoys tinkering). 
		- So the Overlay stuff is for fun. I pick something I want to know about and fiddle with it, then I get bored quickly because, heh, #personal/health/ADHD. I really hope I didn't lose count of open/close parenthesis. Hat tip to LISP.

[^3]: 
    - Working at it, one should form a bit of an ecosystem naturally. That said, there's a balance between meaningful convention (e.g. folders for types of animals, if that's what you're into, or numbered folders for topics, or whatever works). There's a balance betwen that and conforming oneself to intricate steps or multiple step-by-step processes that could hinder the capture of knowledge