---
author: Gustavo DeLaFuerza
date created: 2022-06-03T15:47:08-0400
date modified: 2022-06-03T15:47:08-0400
aliases: daily, daily note, today, yesterday, 2022-06-03
---

# 2022-06-03 Fri

[[2022-06-01 Wednesday|2022-06-01]]
[[2022-06-06 Monday|2022-06-06]]

How long has it been? 

This is the thing about my specific ADHD: Working memory is next to none[^2], and time perception is very difficult.[^1]

So without looking back, it's difficult to know how long it's been. 

Something I do in personal notes that I want to also do here is that I connect days. Today is 2022-06-03, so at the top of each of my daily note pages, I have something like `[[2022-06-01 Wednesday]]` and `[[2022-06-04 Saturday]]` programmed as links I display at the top of each note via [[Templater]].

I'll save that template for later, and if I don't get to it, that's alright, too. The goal is progress: not a march, not a plodding resentment, but more of a "work-is-now" ethic. This journey is the joy of beginning to document an oddly complex process, a process that's bespoke as a matter of course and utility. So to each their own, and your notes and what you find useful should vary like a fingerprint, really. What matters to you is perhaps not what matters to me, not necessarily what matters to your neighbor, so forth.  

So organizing these specific notes towards presentation is now my top priority for this project. I can't remember if that follows anything I've set, which may speak so very poorly towards my organizational skills. My skills are despite what tends to be rather difficult mental illness. I'm happy to expose that side of this specific creative process, analysis, rehearsal, and then presentation. 

(My last mention of "rehears" was [[2022 05 06 Friday]], and I mentioned some (self?) quote I may not have in this vault or may have stored and erased.)

The point of this is that *time* is difficult for me, and so are notifications. 

The least favorite notification-related thing that happens to me is that I change a notification for temporary relief only to find "whoops, that was the wrong setting", so maybe I stop getting important notifications. Or maybe I find my mind ignoring sounds if the sound happens "too often", which "too often" I don't necessarily have a means to measure. 

My coping mechanism is to change notification sounds and double check stuff that causes notifications to go silent, such as "nighttime" mode, or "disable notifications", or the "silent mode" toggle, so forth...

I've somewhat delayed taking notes on notetaking as a matter of waiting for someone else's book to be published, but that's no longer a concern. The material is valid and the value will be apparent[^3]. Taigo Forte, who's work I can't wait to read, may or may not impact what I present.

[[2022-07-18 Monday|2022-07-18]].

[^1]: As a humble brag, I can sometimes think of how long a thing needs to cook, set a timer, and (without knowingly having re-entered the room) then come back in less than a minute before the timer expires. I think it works for 15-minute increments, but brains are weird and I know that conscious processes are not all that govern my actual self and presentation and being.

[^2]: So, the first time through media or material, and barring the fortune of hyperfocus, I typically don't **get** to remember what I've been told, what I've read, or what I've heard. The fact of my brain is that if I don't write it down so I can see it or hear it or otherwise experience it in some way again, there's a good chance I won't remember enough to fulfill a new task. This makes list-making and process definition particularly useful skills to me.

[^3]: 🤞