---
author: Gustavo DeLaFuerza
date created: 2022-05-16T10:06:36-04:00Z
date modified: 2022-05-16T10:06:36-04:00Z
aliases: daily, daily note, today, yesterday, 2022-05-16
---

# 2022-05-16 Mon

[[2022-05-14 Saturday|2022-05-14]]
[[2022-05-17 Tuesday|2022-05-17]]

I wrote [[z header Template files explained]], which explains the [[z header]] file in more detail.

I also did [[#Linter Config]].

I wrote [[#Preparing for a Set of Actions]] as I made a teeny thing in my personal notes and wanted to capture it maybe a bit *ad nauseam*.

Referencing a header (sub-topic) you've created is (on the keyboard) `[[##`, and then a menu should come up.

Hah. I wondered if I would notice if this was open in another desktop (virtual desktop, Windows 10). I didn't. 2nd desktop for me is likely to be "holding pattern" stuff. Fly in a circle until fuel runs out and you crash (which for tasks means you either respawn the task or disappear because timliness has past). 

What I did in preparing for a set of actions went well.

I need to look through all my apps, because if I'm not actively using the app, or likely to use it, and/or if the app isn't open-sourced and trustworthy, it shouldn't be on a work laptop. 

Ideally, if I were working only on one laptop with this specific project, I would perhaps separate work and personal concerns by making sure I have the means to view my domain effectively. The best I can do is limit targets, so if I want to work, social media is off, most personal comms are off, and my mind will be mostly on work or making work better however I can.

So, I focus on creating meaningful boundaries. Distractions need to be just that: moments of distraction. For my ADHD, if I want to get something done, I limit everything to the point that the movie metaphor where the pitcher hears nothing but their arm and the ball leaving their hand makes sense as a metaphor to describe it.

## Preparing for a Set of Actions

#2ba-separate-doc maybe... 

Right now, I'm preparing for a task that will take between 45 minutes to an hour, give or take. 

In my personal daily note (not shown), I'm first creating a subheader. In this case, it's an H2 - on keyboard: `##` - to form a separate document inline. By default (or at least with Minimal theme), you may collapse headers, so designing within one makes sense. It might be similar to a layer in painting.

### Method

Reference material on one side (left), writing medium on the other side (right). For this laptop at 13.5" (abt 232.5 mm) diagonal, I've split the screen vertically for this task. [^1]

In this case, the reference material is a case/ticket (not shown), and I pull what details I need for my task from the case.

What I need to know are the numbered versions of some software modules, along with the order to address those versioned products on a server or two. 

Altogether, the preparation, which I finished about 10 minutes ago (or *whenever* before typing here) is one line of text with three steps and just over a dozen words. Without directly collating the words, I can't say, but about 100 words. (Incidentally, to collate data from a web page, I use #app/Chrome/DevTools from #app/MS-Edge.)

## Linter Config

#2ba-separate-doc A "linter" is something that typically makes code conform to standards. It fixes common (human-driven, mostly) editing mistakes. Following are the settings I use.

- On: Format Tags in YAML
- YAML Timestamp
  - On: "Keep track of the date..."
  - On: Date Created and Date Modified
  - On: Date Created/Modified Key ("date created", default)
  - Format, Date format: `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ\Z`
- On: File Name Heading
- On: Proper Ellipsis
- On: Trailin spaces (both options On)
- On: Heading blank lines (both On - one option is defaulted to On)
- On: Compact YAML
- On: Consecutive blank lines (enforce only one consecutive blank line)
- On: Line Break at Document End (a proper Markdown thing so Visual Studio doesn't complain in the linter I use there)

[^1]: Meta: and also these notes are open, same screen. It's Windows 10, so I'm ALT+TAB-ing between app windows.