---
author: Gustavo DeLaFuerza
date created: 2022-06-09T10:52:53-0400
date modified: 2022-06-09T10:52:53-0400
aliases: daily, daily note, today, yesterday, 2022-06-09
---

# 2022-06-09 Thu

Friday, I took a few OpenSesame modules on Note-taking:

- module 1 #2ba-link
- module 2 #2ba-link (copy links from personal vault)

One of the modules covered the fact that handwritten notes are best for memory. 

Notes in Obsidian are faster than writing notes by hand. Also, one could use the software with a handwriting-to-text pen and OS with support (like Windows Ink). 

The point of note-taking is to be able to recognize things, which is more important than mere recall, the difference being that recall happens unprompted (like thinking about baseball cards, if you're into those). Recognition is more about being prompted regarding something and being able to remember the important parts. At least, that's how I understood it.

## Methods of note-taking - how to organize the page

- Split down middle, left has highlights and/or review notes, and the right side contains the notes of that moment (the *du jour* notes, if the notes were food).
- Cornell - drawing the lines on a page looks somewhat like an upsidedown with the vertical line offset to the left. 
	- left is for highlights
	- right is for notes of the moment
	- bottom is for summary/review notes

...and there were a number of other methods mentioned. I'm not sure what will be covered in the presentation, but it'll be basic. 

## My Obsidian method of note-taking

- Write what I'll need to know later
	- One has to learn the answer to "What do I need to know?"
	- Beginners should learn to know what they'll need to know later by taking notes, reviewing them, and repeating the process of note-taking and review
- Review what I write as often as possible with the preference being to review my notes weekly
	- Organizing notes qualifies as review for me, usually
	- If you've reviewed your notes thoroughly and especially if you're just beginning, you should find yourself thinking, "I should make sure to note that additional detail next time!" The additional detail could be anything. Maybe I look back and see I forgot to write an important date or number or command or address or etc.
	- Beginners should try to keep to a schedule of note-taking and review, try to get in the habit of immediately reviewing the previous class while waiting for the next one, review or prepare for the next meeting, and so forth.
- Acknowledge my humanity and limitations
	- With ADHD, I know my attention might wander, 
	- I know the content of my notes will typically be inconsistent. In other words, I know that I might splurge on some notes. This is especially the case at the beginning of an event, class, meeting, or what have you.