---
author: Gustavo DeLaFuerza
date created: 2022-05-13T09:18:30-04:00Z
date modified: 2022-05-13T09:18:30-04:00Z
aliases: daily, daily note, today, yesterday, 2022-05-13
---

# 2022-05-13 Fri

At first, I had some trouble getting Templater to render the template I created for these daily notes.

## Actual

- Trying to open this every morning. Going to give it a different theme so I don't take my personal daily note content here by accident.

- How this page spawned, without having executed in Templater:
```markdown
<% tp.file.include("[[z daily_header]]") %>

# <% tp.date.now("YYYY-MM-DD ddd")  %>

notes_here
```
- Enabled Templates core plugin, then disabled it because...
- Enabled setting in Templater: "==Trigger Templater on new file creation==". There's a warning to this in Obsidian Settings, so make sure to read it.

- Changed #app/Obsidian/theme to "Things" theme by Colin Eckert. This looks different enough to stand out from Moonstone (default Obsidian theme as of today).
- It's a little later and I'm in the middle of an install, so I have a moment. Beginning [[Obsidian -Home]].
- I also made [[Books - Home]].
- [[Keyboard Shortcuts - Home]] is for the shortcuts I've set.

- I read [Credits - Obsidian Help](https://help.obsidian.md/Obsidian/Credits), which credits are lovely.
- Next thing I want to do is get #app/Git working with #app/Obsidian/plugin "Obsidian Git". 
	- That was so very easy. To have it work, you need to a) have `git` installed on your local system, and b) have the right credentials so git can update/pull/push and so forth. 
- A better and more convenient option than using `git` might be to get Obsidian's "Sync" service, which is also a Core plugin (see [Obsidian Sync](https://obsidian.md/sync)). Sync is especially great if the word "git" only makes you think "dufus" instead of "source control". Take it from this git: It's useful.

## Setting up Obsidian Git

Since this vault is already a Git repo with a `.git` folder, all I had to do was change the "Vault backup interval" to 45 minutes. For my personal vault, I may have that set to 15 minutes or a prime number near 15.