---
author: Gustavo DeLaFuerza
date created: 2022-06-10T09:21:57-0400
date modified: 2022-06-10T09:21:57-0400
aliases: daily, daily note, today, yesterday, 2022-06-10
---

# 2022-06-10 Fri

It's funny to me how very simple two-minute tasks sometimes go to the back burner. It's not because the short tasks aren't worthwhile or are difficult to accomplish, but it seems to be a brain thing. This follows along the lines of the adaptation of Spoon Theory called "Ticket Theory", which are not scientific theories, to my knowledge but more of heuristics on how mental illness and disease impact one's ability to perform tasks they wish to do. In Ticket Theory, what I'm saying is that sometimes I don't have the 'tickets' to do simple two-minute tasks. Because of ADHD, this paragraph is really long. #edit/sidequest  <- No idea what this `edit/sidequest` tag is for

A current example of a short task I have on my list is "Make Calendar entries for (a timed task)". I'm going to get it don't in a moment or two, but it's been on my list for days as low-priority task, so it's the low priority that mostly has kept me from making the calendar appointments I need. This kind of writing doesn't feel particularly useful to me, so I'll stop and see if I have more specific things to say with some utility that might be helpful to you or someone you know. "How Gustavo handles simple tasks" isn't on my list of [[#Important Things to Put in This Vault]].

## Important Things to Put in This Vault

- Note-taking #2ba-list #edit/vague 
	- Methods
	- Organization
	- References / Further Reading
- Etc. 

I think most of what's in this vault presently is "Etc.", which is just fine. I need to reread my WVSTC proposal content now part of the schedule for that event.

## Time-tracking

Something I do every day at the end of the day&mdash;and sometimes in the morning, after lunch, *and* at the end of the day&mdash;is to track my time. 

Most offices offer a way to clock yourself in/out or to set a status. Most of the apps used for clock in/out allow you to look at when you reported yourself as working or not. Regardless, one can use a simple "signal method" of picking a messaging service and send messages to yourself for clocking in/out (because then you'll have timestamps).

This is important because working according to time can be particularly challenging for someone with ADHD. Having an almost ritual need to write down my work times in a timesheet may not be something you share with me. It might seem odd or needless or extra if you don't already do it. 

Provided that your work affords you the ability to easily record when you begin and end periods of work, making a timesheet can give you the edge of knowing how much you work and noticing patterns of when you're clocking in or out. Over time, you'll likely see that the timesheet will begin to normalize towards a mean of start and end times, provided your schedule is constant, as mine is.

For those who don't need to track time, kudos to you! There are types of effort and work and jobs that simply don't need time-tracking. Mine technically doesn't. I use the effort merely as a self-accountability tool, and also because I like making records.