---
tags: 
author: Gustavo DeLaFuerza
date created: 2022-06-07T09:53:26-0400
date modified: 2022-06-07T10:17:36-04:00Z
aliases: daily, daily note, today, yesterday, 2022-06-07
---

# 2022-06-07 Tue

Note-taking in Obsidian aside, here are some other skills I think someone needs to be effective at the kind of knowledge work I do. This is in order of what my brain gave me and not necessarily in order of importance:

- Task management
	- Know how to make and manage tasks (preferably with the option of reminders/notifications)
- Instant Comms
	- Establish how to reach you when you meet new people with whom you'll be working
	- Pick a favorite instant messaging app for your company, school, department, or team as appropriate. If you aren't in charge of that, maybe suggest that leadership pick one instant app
	- Know how to use screen sharing from within an app like Slack, Teams, so forth.
- Email
	- Be able to communicate by email
	- Have some training on how to communicate effectively and professionally in emails
	- Avoid long chains that should be a phone call or a meeting (or two)
	- Avoid reflexively hitting Reply All. Always think before sending anything to everyone else that got the same email.
	- Bonus-ish: Know how to use the BCC field and/or email batch operations to keep people from hitting reply all and/or seeing your entire email list
	- Bonus: Have one place (one app, one website ...whatever) to look for emails
- Appointments
	- Know how to create a calendar or other event and invite people to it
	- If a location is needed, know how to reserve the meeting room or rooms or know who needs to be contacted for a reservation and contact them
- Comparing text
	- Be able to compare text side-by-side and/or at the command-line
	- Be able to copy-and-paste into separate documents to compare text
	- Bonus: Be able to compare images
	- Bonus: Use an app made for text comparison
- Text Editing
	- Edit text in a Word Processor
	- Edit in Notepad or Text Editor or other basic text editing app
	- Edit in Sublime Text, Visual Studio Code, and/or
	- Edit in larger "studio" apps like Eclipse IDE, Visual Studio 2019, TOAD for Oracle, and so forth
	- Bonus: Apps like Emacs, Neovim, Vim, Notepad++, and so forth 
		- Bonus<sup>2</sup>: try to pick only one app for general text editing and one for editing from the command line
- Image editing
	- Know some Photoshop and/or Photoshop-style skills. I use GIMP or (the relabeled) Glimpse.
- Image clipping / Desktop screen capture / smartphone screen capture, editing, annotation
	- Know how to capture an entire screen to be pasted into an image editing app
	- Know how to capture part of a screen to be pasted elsewhere
	- Know how to capture and then edit that capture
	- Know how to capture and then annotate that capture (e.g. add text to the image, add numbers for steps, so forth)
- "Office" apps
	-  Word processing
		- Know what headers and sub headers are and know how to use them to organize content
		- Use **bold** and *italics* and with Obsidian, I don't think there's an "underline"… That might be a #lang/Markdown thing.
		- Bonus: touch-type skills - typing/editing without looking at the keyboard more often than once every sentence or so.
		- Bonus: Know how to use fields to create templates for forms people can fill out and then save
	- Spreadsheets
		- Use the CSV import process of Excel, Sheets, or other spreadsheet apps
		- Know how to put numbers in columns
		- Know how to sum rows in a column into a total that fits in one cell
		- Know where the "Formula" input area is, and know some basics about what you might see there (e.g. "=SUM(A1:A3)" in cell A4)
		- Bonus: Pivot Table, Charts, so forth
	- Bonus communication
		- With the cloud, the idea of what constitutes an office app could be expansive, I suppose.
- Command-line
	- Know what a tty is
	- Know PowerShell and how to use it 
	- Know bash and how to use it
	- Know how to use a command-line text editor
	- Know how to remote to servers (OpenSSH, RDP, VNC, etc.)
	- Bonus: Have a favorite app or two that handles connections to remote servers (e.g. Windows Terminal, PuTTY, Gnome Terminal, etc.)
- Awareness of Accessibility
	- This is a Big Rock, so it has to be a priority as one begins the design of a product or application. It's easy to put it first when creating documents, as it becomes a habit.
	- This is at the top of my *actual* list for myself, but if you're one of the 99% of people who doesn't need to be aware of accessibility, perhaps do a training on the subject or watch a Youtube video detailing how to make visual and audio content available to people with vision or hearing limitations. The more open and accessibly the content, generally speaking, the better off you'll be as a content creator. Ideally, you'll achieve better content comprehension with your audience.
	- Accessibility and the accessibility features of applications (e.g. Office) can help you avoid mistakes, like low-contrast text, or text using foreground/background colors which won't be visible to different kinds of color blindness.
	- For audio, try to reduce background sounds, make sure speech is intelligible and broken into words along with momentary pauses at the end of sentences or ideas.
	- If Closed-Captioning (CC) is available (e.g. via Youtube's auto-generated captions feature), then try to watch what you produce, reading the words to see if the CC text is correct.
- Ticket or Work Order or Case management
	- This is another Big Rock I'm putting here because it's specific to what I do, and maybe not generally useful to most knowledge workers.
	- Know how to manage tickets, work orders, and/or cases
	- Know what categories you should use for which case
	- Know what details are needed before escalating an item to a third-party or to management (so forth)
	- Manage time to be able to address as many cases as one may be expected to address
		- If a quota requirement is burdensome, stressful, and/or numerically unreasonable, find a way to increase pressure on management to change the circumstances and/or add more capabilities to handle cases, tickets, or work orders, or find something else or a different kind of case management