---
tags: 
author: Gustavo DeLaFuerza
date created: 2022-06-21T09:13:11-0400
date modified: 2022-06-24T17:30:02-04:00Z
aliases: daily, daily note, today, yesterday, 2022-06-21
---

# 2022-06-21 Tue

[[2022-06-15 Wednesday|2022-06-15]]
[[2022-06-22 Wednesday|2022-06-22]]

Now it's three weeks to presentation. My neglect of this project isn't necessarily intentional, but part of learning and creating things is defined by me as "flying a bit by the seat of my pants". The knowledge I have is real, and so is the experience, but mental illness doesn't always permit me to pay attention to what I want to when I would wish to do so. For me, this is related to #personal/health/ADHD. For others, it could be related to other conditions of #personal/health/Executive-Dysfunction, where one's prefrontal cortex isn't quite up to speed with the neurological average of humanity.

Philosophy and excuses aside, I'm really proud to work on this. I want to make it something special. Next week, I need to be rehearsing, so that means this week, the presentation needs the following to be done:

### How the presentation should work

- Full presentation outline
	- Any slides need to be created/ready
	- Redundancy should be built in - if the first plan for presentation isn't viable, I should have a backup plan
		- i.e. if some media doesn't function, if there's a bug, or if some other show-stopper happens, it shouldn't be able to stop the show unless it's a matter of catastrophe (in which case the presentation may not matter much)
	- Further contingency planning:
		- Not enough time - have a subset of presentation
		- Late arrivals, early arrivals, and other interruptions or distractions
- This 'public' vault organized
	- …or at least passably organized &mdash; enough for me to consider it "satisfactory"

## On Obsidian Tags

Tags are a "…useful way of **grouping multiple notes so they are easy to find**" (See [Working with tags - Obsidian Help](https://help.obsidian.md/How+to/Working+with+tags)). In my personal notes, I've been using my tags to point to mentions of things. Most of the tags are work-related.

Businesses get their own tag, and sometimes a page, too. With some exceptions, I use `#org` for all businesses, so for WVNET: #org/WVNET.
