---
author: Gustavo DeLaFuerza
date created: 2022-06-23T11:33:10-0400
date modified: 2022-06-23T11:33:10-0400
aliases: daily, daily note, today, yesterday, 2022-06-23
---

# 2022-06-23 Thu

[[2022-06-22 Wednesday|2022-06-22]]
[[2022-06-24 Friday|2022-06-24]]

This almost certainly is to remain a public journal, which is weird to me. At this point, it's likely I'll be udpating it after #org/WVNET's West Virginia State Technology Conference (2022). I should note that #app/Obsidian is being used acting as an employee of an NPO and for my personal use. I intend to get a license for myself to support the project and encourage that everyone do the same (only more than the intent).

Today, I want to come up with three Obsidian Favorites I can demonstrate. One will be a search for Reminder items in Task plugin format (which I use in my personal vault).

## Review

Going down the folders in this vault:

- ~~`_templates` has 16 docs, of which 5 are templates intended for actual use.~~[^1]
- `_templates` has only the templates intended to be executed
- `_templates_child` has all of the "sub" templates I create to make my templating experience easier (your mileage may vary)
- `daily` contains daily notes, of course - you may see what I was thinking when
- `extras` is the #tech/Getting-Things-Done/Inbox for me. If I don't know where to put it, it goes to extras first.
- `study` is intended for MOC or "Home" documents that are a secondary way of finding related information.
- `z 🎲 testing` is only if I need to test something for this vault

[^1]: Writing about the 5 templates, I wanted to see if the child templates could simply reside outside of the primary `_templates` folder...
